h1. soo_modified

This is a plugin for "Textpattern":http://textpattern.com.

* "Support forum topic":http://forum.textpattern.com/viewtopic.php?id=35196
* "Author site":http://ipsedixit.net/txp/126/soo_modified
* "GitHub":https://github.com/jsoo/soo_modified

notextile. <div id="toc">

h2. Contents

* "Overview":#overview
* "soo_modified_author":#soo_modified_author
* "soo_if_modified":#soo_if_modified
* "soo_if_modified_author":#soo_if_modified_author
* "Notes":#notes
* "History":#history

notextile. </div>

h1. soo_modified

h2(#overview). Overview

Inspired by "ob1_modified":https://forum.textpattern.io/viewtopic.php?id=3710, *soo_modified* includes tags for dealing with article modification information. These supplement the basic function offered by the core "modified":https://docs.textpattern.io/tags/modified tag.

h2(#soo_modified_author). soo_modified_author

Output the name of the author who most recently modified the current article.

pre. <txp:soo_modified_author />

h3. Attributes

* @fullname@ _(boolean)_ Whether to output the author's full name or id. %(default)Default% 1, output the author's full name.

h2(#soo_if_modified). soo_if_modified

Conditional tag that compares the current article's modification date to its posted date.

pre. <txp:soo_if_modified>
...
<txp:else />
...
</txp:soo_if_modified>

h3. Attributes

* @format@ _("strftime() format string":http://us3.php.net/manual/en/function.strftime.php)_ Date format to use for comparing the dates. %(default)Defaults% to site preference for date format in the current context.

By using a date format that doesn't include the time of day, this tag will evaluate to true only if the last-modification stamp is on a different day than the posted stamp.

h2(#soo_if_modified_author). soo_if_modified_author

Conditional tag that compares the author who most recently modified the current article to the article's author, or to the specified author.

pre. <txp:soo_if_modified_author>
...
<txp:else />
...
</txp:soo_if_modified_author>

h3. Attributes

If neither attribute is used, the tag will compare the author who last modified the article to the author who posted it.

* @id@ _(Txp author id)_ Txp ID of author to compare. %(default)Default% empty.
* @name@ _(Txp author id)_ Full name of author to compare. (This must exactly match a full name from the txp_users table.) %(default)Default% empty.

h2(#notes). Notes

Two of the tags, @soo_modified_author@ and @soo_if_modified_author@, can generate one or more database queries. This is unlikely to have a noticeable effect on performance, except possibly for very large article lists. (The plugin uses static variables to minimize the number of calls, but each distinct article on the page still generates at least one call.)


h2(#history). Version History

h3. 0.1.2 (2017/2/15)

* Textpattern 4.6 compatibility update

h3. 0.1.1 (2011/1/1)

* Performance improvements (fewer database queries) for certain situations:
** When both @soo_if_modified_author@ and @soo_modified_author@ are called
** When using @soo_if_modified_author@ or @soo_modified_author@ in an article list

h3. 0.1.0 (2010/12/31)

* Initial release
* @soo_modified_author@
* @soo_if_modified@
* @soo_if_modified_author@
